Let's go over the solution
to this exercise.
So we looked at how we could
go through and create this
bigger and
see if we can win the game and we won.
Let's play again and we start over again.
Let's check out the code.
So if you needed to find it It is
the game solution in the repo.
So if we look at the code, we have
that game, start Vf uiState _start.
And that's the same as it used to be.
But we've added in a different thing for
this section that we added here.
So instead of the V else because
that takes all conditions,
we're gonna say V elsif.
Uistate is character chosen, so
that it's only that state, and
then we'll put the VLs else
on game state finished.
So we're only gonna show that V else.
We're only gonna show that game state
finish if these two are not true
if we look at the game state finish,
we are bringing in the UI state.
And you could have done it
a couple of ways, right?
You could have use map state,
you could have use computer
property called the UI state and
said this return this.store.state.ui
state either one is fine and correct.
So, one thing we wanna do is we
wanna show a conditional for
if the UI state one you show
you one If not you lost.
You could have also put these
on the H tos it's up to you.
So it's inside that modal.
Then we placed that face in the face icon
that we had in the game resources in here.
And you had two options.
You could say the path class, we were
gonna bind that class to won or lost.
So if the UI state is lost, then we're
gonna create a class called frown and
turn it upside down with that class.
Otherwise it won't have the frown
class and it'll just be normal.
And we do need to ,there's a couple
different ways of doing this.
We do need to also add cls3,
that's a class that was already using.
So I could do this here.
Or I could have wrapped this in a G tag
which is a group and changed it with the G
tag and then I wouldn't have had to add
this extra parameter to the bound class.
We also have a button that says add,
click, restart.
And you could have named it whatever you
like, in methods, we have restart and
it says this dot store
commit restart game.
So we're gonna go up to the store and
we're gonna make sure to change the game
from there because that's where
all of the game logic is.
In that store, we have a restart game and
we're passing the state.
We say the UI state is start again.
So we wanna make sure we set it back to
start we also need to reset two things.
The score we need to reset to zero and
we also need to reset
the question index back to zero.
And so that will restart the game and
allow us to play fresh.
So that is all of the things that you
need to kind of restart this game here.
You might have noticed
one extra thing though.
If we go back to our alien zombie game,
I'm goinna try to lose here.
Pick an artist.
I'm gonna say Woofgang Puck,
cause I know that that's wrong.
I'm actually gonna start showing
this zombie, based on whether or
not I'm winning or losing.
So this is a little bit of extra credit.
If you're losing you're gonna
slowly have this face melt off,
so I'm gonna have another slide for this.
So make the characters face melt off and
expose the zombie.
So if you wanna take it a step further,
when you're done with this
piece of the course,
you can use clip paths that are set up.
They're already set up for you in deaths.
If we were working with SVG, you can think
of we know we have this base SVG here.
In here, you can think of
deaths as like a staging area.
If you did theatre,
it's they're waiting backstage.
That's like a bunch of stuff that we're
not gonna really use inside the SPVG
immediately it's stuff that you're
like hold this for use later.
And inside here we have some clip paths.
We have the bottom clip path and
the top clip path.
And we're going to add the zombie and
add some character clips for that.
I wrote this article called masking
versus clipping when to use each and
it goes over what CSS and
SVG masks and clip paths are.
This is extra credit because it's not
necessary for writing applications, but if
you wanna start to make games like this,
sometimes we wanna hide, and show things.
And this clip paths can be
really powerful for hiding, and
showing bits of information.
But are helpful to the user.
So that's an extra thing that
you can do use gsap to control
the animation with a watcher kind of like
we did with that needle for the score.
So the solution is in
the game solution and
the repo including the extra credit
if you wanted to check it out.
Awesome.